My younger brother destroyed and gave away some of the books that á I had intended to keep for as long as possible. 
When I failed an exam I thought I would pass. 
At an undeserved attitude toward a man, when human personality is á not treated decently. 
I walked in on a teenage patient of mine (I work in a hospital) á as he was going through my office drawers and he had removed á money from my purse. 
Without the employer's knowledge and even without any á communication their bank accounts were changed and their personal á accounts closed. 
One day I was really angry when all my food was eaten by a dog. á My anger was against my mother because she was careless. She á didn't keep the food in a hidden and proper place. 
I wanted to clear up a misunderstanding with a friend that I had á caused. A third person meddled in our conversation, turned my á efforts to ridicule so that I did not succeed in what I had á intended. 
I wrote an assignment and was given less marks than a friend with á whom I had previously discussed the assignment. 
This summer I got into a fight with one of our patrons (at a á theatre). He hit me and I hit him and her friend, he hit my friend á and we all hit eachother. 
I locked myself out. 
When I heard that an acquaintance of mine was spreading rumours á about my affair with a close friend. 
I had a date with a friend to see a movie and my friend was late. á  I waited for a long hour and was very angry. 
My grandfather's funeral. 
My young brother took my wristwatch in my abscence and sold it to á his friend at a cheaper price. 
A tailor ran away with my skirt. 
During a football match, the other team was rude and they hurt my á team members and me.  The coach was prejudiced against us and á punished us unreasonably.  Later we fought with each other and á the match had to be cut short. 
When I was teased by my friend for not scoring good marks in the á exams. 
When my boyfriend sat up half the night playing computer games á with a friend. 
I had too much homework and examinations and I did not know how á to organize my work. 
I typed up a letter for this physician at work. She didn't care á for my style, even though she was not using correct English. I á told her it was her letter and we would do it her way. 
With the job appointments committee when the headmaster in charge á explained that a male teacher was more suitable for the á particular post.  I had more years of service than the male á teacher, but this was not taken into consideration.  I could have á been given a less attractive job if things had gone the way the á headmaster wanted. 
When one is unjustly accused of something one has not done. 
At work being shifted to another area. 
My classmate always borrowed my notes and would not return it to á me on time.  When I had a test she was selfish and irresponsible á and so delayed my studies. 
When an acquaintance of mine beat up another person for no just á reason, and thus showed off his power. 
I experience that feeling when I am unsulted without deserving á it or when someone deceives me. 
Being insulted on a bus. 
One day I lent my tennis I just had washed to my sister because á she asked it. I asked her not to soil it as I had just washed it. á Next day I looked at the tennis, and it was dirty with wax. She á could not have soiled it. It was lack of consideration. I felt á very angry. 
I have a friend that I deeply trusted but it happened that I lost á my confidence in her for which she herself was to blame. 
When a friend carelessly broke and object in my parent's house á and did not apologize, or pay, or anything. 
I worked together with another student on a computer-assignment. á She didn't do her best and didn't prepare herself for it. She á expected me to explain it to her. 
I wrote an Exam and happened to have not done as well as I á thought I would. I was angry to myself for not having done so á well. 
We hitch hiked our way back from a town rather drunk.  We were á dropped in another town which was unknown to us.  I needed to á urinate, so I did it on a wall which turned out to belong to the á military headquarters.  They arrested me and made me pay a fine á of 500 pts.  We had to go home on foot (6 km) since it was too á late for anyone to give us a lift. 
It happened that my brother promised to give me money for school á and then he told me that he had failed to fulfil his promise a á day before school started. I became so angry for I thought my á future would be ruined. 
Somebody took my wristwatch and promised to have it mended and á later was telling me that he couldn't give it back to me because I was á rude at a certain time. 
A "higher status" colleague of mine despised my attitude and á organization of work. 
When I found out that the guy I was dating at a particular time á had a steady relationship going on with someone else for a long á time. 
Insulted by teacher. 
When I lost my driving license because I had been driving while á under the influence of alcool. 
I was angry when my friends said that I should not receive á Nursing Science books because there was a rumour that I was á intending to leave the college. 
When I was put into a tennis team below my standard. 
My feelings towards would-be in-laws for their participation in á recent broken relationship. 
When I was insulted by a fellow student. 
I had an exam and I had it well prepared.  I did the first part á very well but did not know the second part. 
When a boy tried to fool me so he would be OK trying to show me á that he is a gook boy. 
When I was mistakenly accused of being a thief when I accidently á gave a fake coin at a counter.  I realized this before I handed á over the coin, but the man called me a thief and called a á witness. 
My parents were having a typical family argument.  I came in and á saw the scene and became angry. 
I was the compere at a party and all my efforts to get the show á rolling were thwarted by the immobile, non co-operative guests.  á I felt frustation - bordering on anger. 
When I played in a chess championship, I was disturbed by other á people. I asked them to be quiet, but in vain. 
I was angry at a University tutorial when an ignorant loudmouth á persisted in trying to dominate the conversation. 
[ I sometimes quarrel with my mother because she blames me, á though I have not in any way been connected to some events.] 
I was angry at the Cafeteria when the cook scolded and said many á bad things about me without reason. He thought I was among the á girls who did him wrong. 
When I was dismissed unjustly from the firm where I worked, á because there where persons that didn't have problems, and á wouldn't miss in the jobs they occupied if they were dismissed. 
I am a teacher in arts and crafts (boys from 15-16 years). for á them it is obligatory and they dislike it. They tease me. When one of á them cut up some material I flared up. 
Out on a weekend with a group of people, everybody felt irritated á because at night the music didn't stop in time. And at breakfast á my boyfriend ran away because we didn't agree with him. I felt á angry. 
I don't use to lie to my parets about what I do, and the two á times that I felt anger were when they doubted me I said that I á was going to the club, and they didn't believe me because the day á before they had met me at FLIPERAMA. I had the wish to kill them. 
When they changed my office to another room without my agreement. 
When a friend of mine was drawn into a fight because of the á stupid gang he belonged to. I felt angry with him and his á friends. They could not think about anything sensible, but would á fool around without taking into consideration the feelings of á other persons.á 
When I was told that a boy did not want to be my friend without á any apparent reason. 
When they stole my dark blue tennis. 
When my bosom friend tried to lie to me. 
A teacher at my former secondary school forced my darling to á marry him.  The girl tried to refuse but her parents would not á leave her alone. 
Two years back someone invited me to be the tutor of her á grand-daughter.  The grand-daughter asked me some questions in á mathematics so I taught her.  However she did not listen to me á and this made me feel unhappy.  The second year it was the same.  á When I entered university the girl's parents suggested that I be á employed as their daghters tutor.  They told me that at university  á there was no homework and I would have a lot of time so they á made a time-table  for me which required me to be the tutor five á days a week.  They did not respect me and anyway I had another á child to teach. 
Unjust accusations directed at me and my way of acting, by á someone close to me. 
Once I had an argument with my friends and I knew that I was á right.  My friends went on arguing with me even though they did á not know the right thing. 
A drummer who had borrowed my drums destroyed both the drumskin á and the sticks.  He did not repair them nor did he tell me about á it. 
I felt anger when I saw that I was being misleaded by my á boyfriend, he went out with other girls. I felt anger for his á falsity. 
I had a quarrel with my father, because I was of the opinion that á he decided in an authoritarian way which TV program we should á watch. I became very angry and started throwing things through á the room. 
When during Winter the water pipes froze and we did not have any á water for two days. 
At one of my close friends saying she didn't like the way I am á nice to people I don't know, or who have been nasty to me. 
It was quite recently, at the football match between the national á teams of Bulgaria and France. I felt strong anger with the Scottish á referee who ran the match quite partially. 
My cousins were playing at home and one of them broke a decorative á object which was very precious to me. 
I told my friend something confidential which was supposed to á remain between the two of us.  The next thing that happened was á that a girl who is not even close to us came laughing and askad á me to tell her about it.  I was very angry with my friend as I á had trusted her. 
My sister came back home and reproached me for not having tidied á up the house, although I had been working all morning and she had á done nothing. 
A ex-boyfriend tried to prejudice me before my fiancT and his á family saying things about me that let his family worried. We had á to postpone our wedding and we were already using our wedding á rings. To be honest I didn't feel just anger, I felt hate. 
When I was doing research a few months ago, I had asked the á Institute to sponsor me for a computer course which was held in á TISS.  However, because of the administrative officer I could not á get the money. 
I got angry when I learned how short a time we had to prepare for á the term examinations. 
I had planned to study for my mid-term exams on a certain day and  á my room-mate called me to ask me to go out for a stroll.  I tried á to make an excuse so as not to go out but she refused to listen á to me and insisted that I go out with her.  I find it unnecessary  á to talk to her anymore.á 
A friend of mine told other people that I was a slattern (because á of an occurence that had happened some time ago). When I heard á about that I was very angry. 
[ During my childhood when I could not get what I wanted from my á brother/sister and parents.] 
I feel angry at people's indifference at our ability to be á present at an event and to stay partial to what happens. 
A father helping his kid to fight other kids. 
Brother provoked anger. It was when mother and father were away á and we had to look after ourselves. He accused me of being á selfish and a snob. 
[ One day I arrived home rather tired and found the house..... In á addition I was asked many questions which I did not want to á answer.] 
The time when someone let the air out of the tyres of my cycle. 
I went to a lecture and once again it had been cancelled, this á was the second time.  One had a negative attitude towards the á lecturer.á 
That a friend had been badly beaten and stabbed many times and á the person that did it got away without any punishment from the á law. 
When my mother kept me in leading-strings. 
I felt much anger when my fahter interferred in my relations with á another person whom I liked very much, ending something that I á adored. 
When my boss enrolled in a course to satisfy his own ends - to á trample on his associates.  I have the misfortune to have one of á my superiors in my course. 
Because I am the Captain of a basketball team I usually organise á a roster system so that everyone in the team can have a turn at á doing either a duty or a ref. A lot of the time the girls can't á be bothered or just forget - I usually have to fill in. 
When I am made to do things in which I see no sense and I waste á my time. Some time ago I had to participate in a sociological á investigation and then I got really angry. 
My friend misunderstood me. 
I wanted to go to Bhopal for relief work (gas tragedy).  My boss á simply refused to let me go, I was so angry that the only thought á that came to my mind was to quit the job. 
During an argument between friends, one of them accused me of á taking advantage of some other friends who usually come to the á university in my car, saying that I ask them too much money for á the petrol. 
During a lecture, a colleague who did not know anything about the á subject, got on my nerves asking silly questions. 
When people without my permission pry in my belongings and take á things out of it. 
When I learnt that my younger sister had been expelled from á secondary school because she was pregnant.  That was the second á time that this happened in the family - the first time it had á been my elder sister. 
One day, when I was a child, my grandmother shut me up in a room. 
Jealous of my husband's old girlfriend.  We met her with her á husband and there was a lot of reminiscing. 
When I travelled all the way to my former school to collect my á certificate, only to be told that I owed them some money, I knew á nothing about this. 
When a teacher though pretending to be a highly cultivated á teacher and a man, slapped a classmate of mine in the face quite á undeservedly. 
My mother read a letter that a friend of mine had written to me á telling me how she had got drunk the last time. 
A chief was unjustly punished on an autumn brigade and the one á who was really guilty kept silent. I stepped in front and told á the truth. The guilty chief called me in after the roll-call and á threatened me. 
When our religion teacher presented shocking sectarian thoughts á and doom's day as official teaching. 
In a sociology class I felt very angry towards some members of á society for exploiting the Polynesian people, dawn raids by á Police (Martin Luther King, Blacks in S.A.). But this was just a á reflection of my own shortcomings. 
My roommate was rude to me. 
When I tried to put up a tent some years ago, I was teased and á hindered by my cousin. 
A certain boy came into my room and started telling me that I was á not pretty, that I had no manners and that I should learn some.  á I had just come to campus and he was in fourth year. 
Some noisy guests arrived at the hotel.  I had been slightly á irritated earlier.  At night when I was trying to sleep they were á having a party so I went and yelled at them.  I wanted to sleep á as I had to get up early the next day. 
When a friend and me played a joke on our boyfriends.  Her á boyfriend came up and accused me of having planned the whole á thing and said that I did not deserve my boyfriend.  He á embarassed me in front of a crowd. 
My lovely girlfriend double-crossed me and so that I found her á chatting with another guy. 
When I got into a bus I found that my wallet had been stolen. á It was not a great loss from the monetary point of view but I á lost some documents - identity papers.  As a result I had to á spend several days in order to get a new one.  I will always á remember all the work I had to do and the bad treatment I á suffered because of the bureaucratic behaviour of the civil á servant.  I had already had bad luck and they treated me like a á criminal.   At one point of time I really wanted to quarrel with á them. 
I took part in a football match. The referee was extremely á partial to the opposite team. This stirred up my discontent and á anger. 
I was furious when the teacher pointed out in class that I á was the quietest girl in class. 
I had an implicit agreement with my sister about meeting her, á however she had not understood the situation the same way so she á did not turn up. 
I was coming home in a taxi with a fellow worker of mine.  He was á criticizing my earlier conduct towards him, which to my mind was á unfounded.  When I reached home, I ran out of the taxi and á slammed the door. 
My mother was ill and asked me to prpare our lunch. I went to do it, á and while I was working, she stayed behind me telling what I á had, or not to do. I asked her to stop meddling, and to go to á bed. When I went to ask for help to my sister, my mother said that á I was proud, that I asked for help only when I wanted and that I á wasn't able to cook by myself. 
Misunderstood by a close friend for the wrong reason. 
When someone does not listen to me after having asked me to á repeat what I said. This happened more than one time with the á same person. 
This was when my boyfriend told me that I was double-crossing him á with a certain boy. 
It was necessary to organise a competition in connection with a á celebration. Everyone was to be present at that event. It turned á out that there was no audience at all because everyone had á pretended to be very intelligent and no one had come. I got á furious. 
They wanted something to happen but I didn't. 
Someone stole my ski at Vitosha and of course I was the one to be á blamed. I left them without supervision. 
At a certain situation I felt myself neglected and undeservedly á harmed. 
When I felt being treated unjustly by a teacher. 
When I am discussing something with a person and I realize that á the other person is thinking over her own argumentations instead á of listening, I become angry. 
When, late at night, I discovered that they had stolen my bike. 
I saw a report on T.V news on apartheid in South Africa. 
I wanted to see a friend, I had been looking forward to it and á had certain expectations, but he did not pay any attention to me, á played cards with other people. 
When my room-mate locked up the keys of my room in our room after á I had told her that I was  only in the bathroom having a shower. á  She left and I had to do without supper. 
When I am accused of something I have not done, I get unbelievably á angry. 
At the hardware store, trying to convert Imperial to Metric á measurements, I made a mistake, and didn't buy enough tiles for á the bathroom. I was angry at myself, because I hope to be a Maths á teacher. 
Bought something bad from the shop and they refused to change it. 
When my roommate's boyfriend assaulted me. He was threatening me, á calling me names and pushing me around. 
A time when, as part of my work, I was sent out actually sort of á volunteered to run an errand for someone who had no authority to á send me out and the address was very far especially on foot and á turned out to be incorrect too. The whole trip was a waste. 
My girlfriend does practice and therefore leaves me alone at á night and in the weekend. In addition, she is very busy doing á several things. So we don't see each other often. 
When somebody stole my brother's disco machine. 
A friend had promised me to give me a lift to Graz. To be sure I á called her before we went. She told me that she had just promised á another person to give him a lift. 
At a cash desk where I had gone to buy 16 rolls of kitchen paper á at a reduced price.  After queuing with screaming children; it á turned out that I had taken two 8 roll packets instead of the one á 16 roll packet to which the rebate applied.  The assistant said á "You will have to get it another time." 
My friend and I were to attend a very important meeting and he á had promised to come and pick me up.  But he did not turn up and á I felt very angry at him. 
When someone ignores what I am saying or doesn't let me have my á point of view and they monopolise a conversation. 
My superior blamed me for some neglects at work in front of á others.  In fact, the task in question was not supposed to be á done by me. 
Someone told a lie that I had stolen his money. 
Someone borrowed my textbook and deliberately did not return it. 
When I met my new girlfriend with another man in the street. 
Saw some young people fighting for seats on a bus. 
When on a car journey a fellow student crossed our way with his á own car and we had to bump into a roadside trunk. 
When I was in F4 I played a basket-ball match against another á school's team.  One of their team members kicked a team-mate of á mine so I kicked him back and we had a fight with each other. 
Finding out about some girls who have been nice to the class á leader in order to go to the neuropsychology lectures (English á ones). 
When it became clear that a man had used many people sexually á and psychologically, despite the fact that many people looked up á to him.  I understood that one could not trust him and I was á forced to hide this for a while. 
Two boys whom I know were telling me, in an indecent manner, how á they had teased a young and shy girl I know.  They had despised á her conviction, scorned and touched her.  I got very angry and á did not try to conceal it and gave it back to them. 
When a teacher tells a story which isn't true. It only reflects á his way of interpreting reality. 
When I knew that they would not give me a transfer from one á university to another.  I began to insult the educatioon á authorities and the government, I ended up at the door. 
Sometime back another girl who was in terms with my ex-boyfriend á came to shout at me at twelve midnight. It was because she á thought I was still interested in the boy. 
Mad at my dad. 
I had an accident with damage to the car body. 
When my brother went out with my new shirt that I adored, and á returned it dirty with grease. 
I had been having a heated argument with a lover - whose á intention was that we should marry in the near future - and was á rejected by her when I started to cry. When I stopped crying for á a moment she said "There, have you got it all out now ?". 
I felt angry when I heard that my sister had failed the á Examinations which we hoped she was going to pass with á distinctions. 
An argument among friends in which my opinions on the way to á spend spare time were disapproved. 
I was stood up for a date function by someone who I really cared á for. 
I was in the library of medical psychology and walked into the á wrong direction. A man who came out of a room threated me very á denigrating and I became very angry in a resisting manner. 
The editor changed the heading of an article that I had written.  á He considered the heading to be derogatory towards the person I had written á about. 
When a friend of mine was trying to make a fool out of me. 
When I used to go to my chief asking about any doubt about the job á and he didn't care, didn't answer me, leaving me speaking alone. 
When I tried to breake it up with my boyfriend, and he refused to á let me go. 
I was accused of having drunk a bottle of liquor and then á refilling with water. 
Once my father slapped my mother for a small quarrel. 
When a certain boy went about saying that I am his girlfriend. I á wrote him an insulting letter to him and called him names. 
I lent a text-book to a person I did not know very well, they á lost the text-book and gave me no compensation. 
A friend forgot his appointment with me. 
When someone I trusted very much, disappointed me. 
I missed the train and had to wait for the next for two hours. á For this reason I missed an appointment which had been very á important for me. 
A colleague asked me to study with her. I could not explain á things as perfectly as she had expected. So she reacted in an á aggressive manner. 
The day the results of the Chinese university was announced I á should have been very happy; however my grandmother, because of  á her prejudice and misunderstanding, started a  quarrel with my á mother.  She expected me to take her side and she deliberately á talked of my mother's wrong doings.  I was very angry because - á one my grandmother was not being reasonable and two because it á should have been a happy day and three we had moved into a new á house that day. 
I felt anger when I had a fight with my father, and he beated me. á My mother came to help me (because I was beeing beated) and he á also beated my mother. 
[ When I was treated unfairly, regardless of my motives or deeds.] 
Physical violence. A friend wouldn't listen to me I repeatedly á tried to warn him, to no avail. Result: eight people were "pissed á off". 
When someone took my pen away. 
A murder. 
In the holiday cottage of our association, two of my pals came to á wake me up early one morning by bringing a radio played at the á highest volume into my room - it was the morning service at its á loudest. 
We were at school, in the room for audiovisual classes.  We were á watching a film, and just behind me two classmates were bothering á me with their mocking and shoves.  I reacted angrily (I suppose)  á by hitting one of them. 
Friend (male) hinted that my talking to other men at a pub was á immoral. He implied that I should remain only with my boyfriend á the entire evening. 
When I failed an exam unfairly. 
When they threw my holder down on the floor, with all my notes for á an exam inside it and they got all mixed up. 
Getting terrible meals, but paying heaps for them. 
The last day of school is traditionally celebrated by singing a á song about all the students who are leaving.  In the song á about me, there were things which irritated me a lot. 
Unjust punishment of a friend of mine. 
When my mother quarrelled with my aunt over me. 
I felt very angry when a mishanga seller robbed me of the á transport money I had to go to school. 
I had been in love with a certain young man who pretended to love á me but one day I found out that he had another girlfriend who was á also a friend of mine. 
When I got home I found that the electrical supply had been á disconnected despite my having paid ZESCO the full bill a few  á days earlier. 
When some friends betrayed my friendship. 
One day, when riding on a bicycle path, a car coming from the á opposite direction forced me to get off my bike although I had á the priority. 
When I found my boyfriend, who I had been dating for a year, at á another girl's house. We had had previous conflicts concerning á the girl, but he had always claimed they were just friends. 
Being sexually assulted on a bus and noone helped (people only á laughed). 
Discussing with a certain person about a job I was getting and á that perosn was negative and pessimistic. 
Someone who always took care for the key of the sportshall stayed á away without letting us know. Next time he did as if nothing had á happened. 
When my friends tried to discriminate against my friendship with á certain other friends which they thought was improper. 
Seeing this badly made questionnaire. 
If they force me to eat something I don't like. For example, my á parents always twaddle and whine, when I don't eat all the food. 
A friend had promised to get me a book which was very important á for my work, but she forgot it. 
When a so-called friend let me down, when she promised to tell me á when a certain concert was occurring, and that she'd get me á tickets. I was really looking forward to it. She did nothing, á just told me out of the blue one day what a fantastic concert it á was going to be. 
Listening to long speech of the party leaders wasting my time. 
I was scolded by my mother for no reason. 
We had fixed time for practice as we had to participate in the á inter-department song contest.  I arrived and found that there á was nobody there.  When I went to the canteen I found them eating á lunch.  I was so angry that I aired my greviances to one of them á and then left. 
[ I feel angry when somebody is unjust to me.] 
I thought him a good friend but he tried to lie to me several times. á Last time was the height of impudence. He promised he would come á home but he didn't. I felt a sense of anger and insult. 
I felt angry when I saw on T.V the last slaughter of negroes in á South Africa. 
When my friend, as usual, forgot the tickets at home for a á performance.  We missed it. 
I was enjoying the company of bird life while I was eating lunch á in a park when a group of people began throwing sticks at some of á the birds - for no reason other than the satisfaction of seeing á them being scared away. 
When fired unjustly from a job as casual bar-person. Charged with á giving away free drinks. Not done so and had witnesses to prove á it - both patrons and bar staff. Other staff were supportive. 
I was a prefect at secondary school.  On the sports day I told á others that I would take down the names of the people who á misbehaved and after some time I sat down for a brief rest.  á Suddenly the head prefect came and scolded me in front of others. á  I was very angry as there were other prefects sitting and he á picked on me.  I thought that a brief rest was not  serious á enough to be blamed. 
A whole crowd of us went to a folklore festival. The instructor á of the cast where my boyfriend played was traveling with us. We á decided to catch the train that leaved early in the morning á because we had business on the following day. The instructor á tried to get the upper hand and made us catch the train in spite á of everything, all the time he made me angry. 
My employer took too many aspirins for a bad back and also drank á an enormous amount of spirit.  This was dangerous  and he did á not understand that he had done anything wrong. 
When they broke the artistic work of several weeks.  Changes were á made and it was broken without permission, they had no right to á do this. 
While playing indoor-hockey, there always is an older man who á frequently and intentionally plays the ball out of the field. In á my opinion this is very childish, because we play for fun only. 
Insulted by other people in the shop. 
It was at Malawi Army, Dormer Squadron, when some of my workmates á got promoted to Seargents (sgts); we were having similar á Ranks. 
My boyfriend told me that I had very high demands towards him. In á my opinion this was wrong. 
My grandmother's brother had taken active part in the resistance á movement. He had been in prison many times and there he lost his á health. He became an invalid. When we phoned to First Aid the á nurse on duty behaved quite unkindly when she understood how old á he was (79). 
Arriving home from work after a long and tiring day to find no á dinner prepared as I had expected. 
When I did not find the rack used for beating up rugs, in the á yard. 
[ On discovering the red-tapism and the bureaucratic, corrupt, á decadent, degenerated infrastucture of every public utility, á office and service; and the rampant corruption at every single á level of education and other institutions.] 
When my boyfriend wouldn't dance with me on my graduation night á because he thought I could dance with my friends who were á friendly. 
I remember that when I was in school I saw a case of partiality - á one of the teachers gave private coaching classes to some girls á and she would give these girls extra attention in class and would á ignore the others. 
Boyfriend "chatting up" another girl. 
I suffer from a disease of my muscles. Therefore, I am only able á to attend lectures for half a day. So, sometimes I miss á obligatory lectures. However, the teachers do not take into á account my disease, and punish me with detention work, resulting in á an overload. 
A friend of mine had promised to arrange me some tickets for a á concert which I considered important.  He could not get them the á way he thought he would, so he gave up the whole thing. 
When an unknown person provoked me verbaly and physically. 
One day my room-mate started imitating me, doing what I had done á a few hours back.  I got very angry and started beating him up. 
Being put down by the class leaders. 
I unfairly got a low mark on an exam and I failed to win a grant, á since then I don't have much confidence in myself at an exam. 
I was accused of a misdemeanour, unjustly. 
[ When I do not get any co-operation from my friends/partners.] 
My parents scolded me a lot for something I had not done.  It was á my sister who had done it. 
Angry with my brother, who was making fun of me, teasing me. 
When during a social evening with my father, brother, sister, á close friend and my father's 2nd wife - I had an argument with my á father, who abused my friend who was sticking up for me. 
On the TV news I heard that Nicaragua had complained about the á increasing threat of war with the USA. 
I went out dancing and found my boyfriend kissing another girl. 
I was asked to stop studying economics, a field which interested á me, by my employers. 
I had not eaten anything for 2 days to be able to pay the fine á for my fiancT. But he stayed in another town and spent one á thousand shillings in the restaurant during the same time. 
Friends who torture animals. 
When I heard that my step-mother had treated my mother in a wrong á manner. 
When I was at S.Y.Bajaj I wanted to get admission in another á college and this was not easy and I felt angry. 
I caught a "peeping tom" at my window when I was getting á undressed. 
When I was deputy manager during the Summer, certain deputies á took liberties, more than what was normal. 
On the occasion of assignment of tasks and responsibilities in á which such an assignment, dispropotionately carried with it high á responsibility and low ability of organisation and resolution. 
I entrusted a friend with the delivery of some money to my á father, however he misused the money. 
I could not find my monthly tickets for the bus when I was on the á bus. 
Misunderstood deliberately by a close friend. 
When you kill yourself with work and see the number of slakers á wandering around, doing nothing. 
Anger at doctors for their treatment of me after giving birth. á They left part of placenta behind and I bled heavily for twelve á weeks - due to this, I felt weak and emotional, and they said I á needed psychiatric treatment and give me no support. 
Someone called me a disgusting nickname. 
I felt anger against a person who told bad things about me in my á absence. 
When my father asked me if I was a communist, at the same time he á made it clear that I should no longer see myself as his daughter. 
I once failed a test miserably and my friend did very well and á someone made a nasty comment while comparing me to my friend. 
When I was faced with writing an essay and I didn't want to do it á I was angry that I had to write an essay and angry at myself for á not having the time to write a good essay. 
I felt angry when repeated pleas to the ticket collector and the á co-passengers in order to make a queue fell on deaf ears.  I have á this feeling whenever someone is not disciplined and methodic in á doing his duty. 
Some people were sitting outside and saying things which were not á really true. 
When talking with my sister, she often ventilates prejudices, á which my father also adheres. 
Nearby the end of the year my wife and I were having a car ride, á when it appears another vehicle, driven by a drunk driver and á provokes an accident. 
A co-worker and I had to rush a project. I was only working there á for one month and he for some years. Instead of letting me know á that he wanted to do the project himself, he went to the á superviser and let the superviser tell me to let the co-worker do á it himself since he was quicker at it. 
When my daughter began staying away from classes - at the age of á nine only. 
Same situation as before - having my car stolen. 
I made an appointment with a friend to drink coffee togehter. á However, for the third time in that week she arrived an hour too á late. 
As a child - about 8 years old - walking across a paddock - being á set upon by another boy who claimed it was "his land" - being á intimidated by the boy - crying, being punched, etc. 
When I miss the train and I am late, and I have to wait half an á hour for the next one. 
My grandmother is a highly authoritative person, who lives alone, á is independent, but doesn't know to live without commanding the á others. I hate this! 
Without my permission, my son had made popcorn after coming back á from school.  The consequences were a spoilt kettle and chaos in á the kitchen but what could have happened with the hot grease ? 
When I talked with a teacher yesterday who, to say the least, was á rude and unwise and had irrelevant opinions about a friend. 
My parents are divorced, father pays alimony for me. Two years á ago my sister who lives with father, suddenly asked mother for á money. As she considered the amount of money my mother offered á her too small, she brought an action against mother. I was á terribly angry with my sister. 
One night we, all the family members, were sitting in the front á corridor of the house when a gentleman looking person came in.  á He was my father's client and he had come to bribe my father in á connection with the proceeding case.  At my father's refusal he á abused my father, my brother and I could not control our temper á and we rushed at him. 
My parents thought that I didn't do my best to pass the final á examination (secondary school). When I achieved a good grade they á said nothing, but if I had had a bad grade they would have become á very angry. 
I felt anger against a colleague of mine during a rehearsal in á acting. He hadn't learnt the text of an opera act in the course of á several months and thus making difficulties for the rest of my á colleagues. 
My car had been towed away by the traffic police because it had á been wrongly parked.  However the sign had been put up only after á I had already parked. 
Made a statement that other people did not believe. 
Whenever my father smokes the smell makes me feel very á uncomfortable.  He never listens to my complaints and I curse him á furiously in my mind.  I cannot solve this problem by violence á because of traditional moral values. 
I was at home, filling my tax report.  Nobody had time to help á me.  I would have liked to do it quickly so that I could go and á meet a friend of mine who had just returned from hospital.  I got á angry as both my brother and my father refused to give me their calculator á as I had not asked for it nicely.  I could not leave as I á had to wait for help and the tax report had to be done. 
Bad food in the students' dining hall. 
Someone didn't show up at a meeting in spite of having agreed to á come. 
I am usually angry at myself. This happens often. For instace á when I want to pet without falling in love and it soon proves á that I have fallen in love with him. 
After an exhausting day I came home and wanted to take a bath to á relax. My father wanted to take a bath first and when he had á finished after an hour, there was no hot water left for me. 
My sister once stole my mother's money and made her very angry.  á After this my mother would beat her up for unreasonable reasons.  á One day my sister lent her book to a friend without telling my á mother about it.  When my mother learnt this she beat her up and á even threatened her with a pair of scissors. 
When someone took my writing materials yet I was to write á Examinations in a few minutes. 
People not resprcting my opinion. 
Deliberately provoked by someone close. Angered by the á deliberation not the provocation. 
The sight of a man who ran amok (fighting) at a dance. 
I was angry at my brother over an argument we had together.  We á do have a few fights from time to time, and also at times I take á out my anger on him. 
I received a poor grade on a midterm even though I got all the á right answers and knew the material. I went to the TA to try to á raise my grade and he wouldn't do it. 
Stopped at a Fast Food shop with friends and a few locals wanted á to fight us for no apparent reason. They hit and picked on one of á my friends. 
Being insulted in public for the wrong reason. 
When colliding with my car. I myself was to blame. 
When my mother rejected my boyfriend and made unfair judgements á on him. 
The sports fishermen who catch gulls instead of fish with their hooks. á   It is often a mistake but it makes me angry. 
I get angry when someone imputes on me things I never can do, á naturally negative. Servility, "connections", impudence, traits á that get me mad. 
A person walking his dog allowed it to defecate on the footpath á outside my house. Although it had happened before, this was the á first time I had witnessed it. All the skills I had learnt from á PY 263 were thrown out the window when his indifference to my á protestation was obvious to me. 
Insulted by some stupid people. 
My mother told me that I could not go to the mountains.  Despite á my age, as long as I am in her house I must do what she says. 
A quarrel with my mother because I thought she said very á unreasonable things about me, that hit me strongly. 
I work at a petrol station. When there is a foreigner who wants á petrol my collegues treat him very impolite. 
About the car (sadness) I felt anger the way I acted after á negotiating it. 
I had gone home for a week-end and when I came back I found that á my clothes and my bedding had been stolen. 
A member of a religious sect tried to convert me, using really á evil tricks to persuade me.  After he had left, I was anxious and á angry for a long time. After the event, I was alone. 
One night I could not practise my violin as my family was á watching T.V with the lights off, so I wanted to listen to some á tapes.  It was dark so I asked my brother to bring me a torch, á however he scolded me.  I was so angry that I slammed my violin á on the floor. 
Failed to be elected to be a class leader. 
When my husband stays late at a meeting and I have to be alone. 
There was a cup final match between Limbe Leaf Wanderers and á Silver Strikers and someone promised to give me some money for á admission fee to watch this game. Unfortunately he did not give á me. 
When a friend told me that my education had nothing to do with á our discussion.  This friend has failed the 7th grade, what made á me angry was that I had not used my education to argue. 
When my mother interfered in my life. 
Mr C took my drawing pens, without having asked for my permission á first, and lost them.  He did not tell me about it till I asked á him and then did not try to find them. 
As I usually do not start learning until a short time before an á examination,, I once made up my mind to try to work for a longer á time. But once again I did not do it - and got a bad mark. 
When we still attended school, my brother and I usually went to á see our aunt and to show her our term's report. She rewarded us á with money. Although my reports were as good as my brother's, he á got more money. 
My sister had promised to help me to do a translation from á English into German. But the day I needed her she told me that á she was busy - I was very angry. 
I peeped into Maurine's bedroom and saw two people - Maurine anbd á my step-dad.  I thought, " Why did she break her promises ? Why á had she invited me ? Why do old men go for young girls ? " 
I was very angry when I heard that my brother was beaten by his á friends.á 
A typical family argument. 
In the house where I live there is a new flatmate. His friends á unfortunately are the dirt of society, intelligent, fashonable, á rich and bored. At a party recently they were doing things I á didn't like done in my house. I felt angry at them. 
Once a person in authority (school teacher) was telling blatant á lies about me and the headmistress would not let me defend á myself. She was also telling lies about other members of my á family. 
When I saw that my bed at the hostel was a mess I guessed that á someone else had used my daily necessities.  I felt that my  personal á sanity had been affected. 
When my roommate's moped was stolen I was very angry. 
When I found one of my new pullovers wrinkled inside the á wardrobe.  My brother had done it. 
Being slandered by friends. 
My father and I had an argument because I do not help enough at á home. 
An unjust calumny concerning me. 
There was a sofa in my flat which belonged to the old tenants who á were acquaintances.  It should have been picked up a year ago but á they had postponed it.  Eventually they decided on one date and I á stayed at home despite the fact that I had other things to do.  á They did not come, nor did they call and they still have not got á in touch with me. 
I had to unscrew something on my car. I didn't succeed after two á afternoons of trying. A feeling of anger built up itself. 
When my dad told me about something he had done against my á mother. 
When they denied a job to a person that I propsed giving political á reasons that has nothing to do directly with the professional á level. 
Following an argument with my brother, he broke my golf clubs. 
A friend got angry and drove "like a lunatic" with me and others á in his car. I was angry about his dangerous driving. 
When I came for the lesson, it was cancelled and I had to fill in á a questionnaire instead. 
My best friend betrayed me and told other people my secrets. 
When I was left by the person I loved without any reason. 
Once again my parents distroyed a relationship. 
A close friend first said he accepted an agreement, but later á used that agreement as a reason for attacking me. 
When, for example, I was not approved to continue my studies at á the Moscow University, no matter that I had the highest marks and á in general the best records of all the candidates. 
We had to move to a very different city because the company where á my father worked also moved to that place. It was very difficult á for me to make new friends than. 
Not being alowed on a school camp with the class I'd been in for á 11 years (I had stayed down due to illness) 
The government's announcement of the withdrawal of the student á allowances in 1984. 
We lived with 3 persons in the loft of a house. It often occurred á that other persons again and again climbed the stairs with much á noise. When I was studying I couldn't concentrate and got angry. 
A certain friend tried to push me off a seat in a very violent á way for no apparent reason.  It may be that he was excited about á something. 
An unjust refree decision at a sports event when I was the team á leader. 
I feel anger when somebody forbids me to do something. 
A friend was unpunctual, we wanted to prepare ourselves for an á examination. 
When I see how people around me pass by certain unjustice because á of indifference or cowardice. 
Too many people in TV room, I was not able to get a seat to watch á TV. 
I had been searching for housing for Fall at UCB and I was á finally offered a place - then an ordeal followed, first I á accepted then refused - related to my parents judgment (they're á paying for me). Turns out that I was so upset at what my Dad said á to me that I hung up on him. He called back and threatened to cut á me off financially and emotionally. 
When I left after the examination to enter the University, and á even though I had studied the whole year I made a bad exam. 
I gave tutorial to a student and I found that he was lazy, he did á not pay attention to what I taught.  He did some easy questions á wrong deliberately. 
The doctors from Belogradchik town determined a wrong diagnosis á to my son. A month later, after some complex examinations at ISUL á (A medical institute in Sofia), the diagnosis was categorically rejected. 
When a discussion resulted in an insult, which in my opinion, was á not justified. 
When I discovered that my girlfriend was going around with á another boy. 
I was informed by my flatmate that, when we'd moved into our á flat, she'd expected us to buy our food separetely - this event á actually happened some 5 months after our sharing began. Prior to á this, she had said nothing. 
When my flatmate put me down because she "thought" she was better á than me, or she felt she was. 
One of my colleagues accused me of having stolen his iron and I á was sure that I had done no such thing. 
When I read about Reagan's tactical decision concerning the á South African boycott. 
When a boy who was drunk came into my room and misbehaved in the á presence of my boyfriend. 
When someone told a secret I told them not to tell. 
My girl-friend did not understand me; I was angry with myself á because I had problems when we seperated - I could not resign á myself to it. 
A month ago when one of my fellow workers got a promotion over á me. It was just a small promotion but recognition was involved. 
I get angry with my brothers and sisters when they do something á that I do not like.  They know this and still do it so as to á tease me. 
I was not given a chance to explain to my close relatives as to á why I could not go to visit them when they were ill.  When I did á go, they thought that I had been selfish and irresponsible duringá their illness. 
My anger is with men, their inability to be human (not all men). 
When I encountered not only with my father's lack of á understanding but also with his unwillingness to understand me as á a parent, as far as things for which I (not he) have proves to be á right are concerned. 
Somebody was blaming me of a story which was not real and not á true. 
One of my first boyfriends got mad at me because a lot of my á close friends were guys and he didn't want me to see them anymore á because he was jealous. 
A friend of mine promised to come with me to the cinema but he á didn't come. 
A friend visited and made comments that my house/garden were not á as neat/tidy as in the past. I'd not seen her a year - She á implied I'd gone to the pack (I'd only been working full time, á and taking 3 University exams part time). 
One of my friends kept criticizing me about everything I did. I á thought she was kidding, but later I found out that she was á serious. 
I was accused of having done something, which I hadn't and got á very angry. 
When the others did not do their bit of work on a group á assignment task, and I had to do all the work. 
A shop in Downtown wouldn't accept my Visa Card - before December á last year. 
When I found out that my good friend and roommate did not pay the á phone bill and electric bill like he promised and let me down. 
I felt anger of a friend when she met "a date" and become nervous á and pest as she always gets when she meets him. 
I was called racial slurs behind my back. 
When I was a soldier I quarrelled with my commander and may be in á revenge for this he detailed me on duty two successive nights. á Naturally he checked me up on the second night and found me á asleep for which he sent me to the cells. 
Discussion with my mother about the way to educate my children. I á felt anger against my mother. 
When I was dancing with a dame at a social, one of my friends who  á was interested in her came and took her away from me.  I was á really angry with him then. 
My friends promised me that they would definitely call me to tell á me if they were visiting me or not. 
When my sister broke my china tea set. 
I suffered from a gynaecological illness. I was quite displeased á to hear that my roommates had talked about it and they had á misrepresented the truth. I felt deeply hurt when I learned that á it was done by a "good" acquaintance of mine. 
I had left a student newspaper of the Chinese university on the á table of the library.  It had disappeared when I came back. 
When I saw parents punishing their little child for something he á had not done.  In my opinion, even if he had done it he should á not have been punished for it. 
I always get angry when somebody deceives me, or tries to conceal á his lie skilfully and this offends me even more. 
When, after having cleaned up the kitchen, two hours later I saw á that there was a big mess. It irritated me very much. 
I was angry when my boyfriend did not turn up as promised. 
I faced this feeling when I realized I wasn't admitted to the á institute in the first classifying, in spite of the high mark I á had got at the entrance examination.á 
I wanted to go to a friend of mine who had a party; at the moment á I wanted to leave, my father said I couldn't go because he needed á me for some work in the afternoon. 
I had got a bad cold. My father said I must be crazy to go by á motorbike at those temperatures. When I answered him that I did á not care about a cold, he said that if I did not care for á anything I could leave him (it was for the second time he said á something like that). 
When people harrass me I feel oppressed by their behavior. 
I got angry with a stranger in a train who behaved impertinently á and immorally 
When I failed my S.S.C exam. 
When the university withdrew the accomodation that it had given á me. 
(1) My father died. (2) My natural father contacted me a year á after my father died and this angered me more as I thought he á should be dead and not my father. 
When, after drinking a glass of water, I found a cockroach walking á out of the glass. 
Unfair and unjust attitude toward a person close to me, what I á was the witness of, caused anger in me. 
I felt angry when I failed in an exam about which I knew quite a á few things and I did not deserve to be plucked. 
It was when my friend had stolen my money (K10) and had á disappeared. 
Sometime ago I felt very angry when my mother wrote me telling me á that my elder sister was messing up things at home by her á internalised aggressive attitude towards parents and her husband. 
I'm crazy about football. When my team lost a goal in the Paulist á championship, and so it lost the classifications. 
My best friend at school told lies about me to a boy I was seeing á and went out with him herself. 
When I was subjected to a very nasty joke by a group of friends. 
I felt very angry after one driver had run over my beloved niece. 
I've a situation of responsibility an employee who had a habit of á being late, came late again after promising to say he would be at á work in a few minutes, then arrived 3 hours later. He had been á drinking. 
Last semester when I dated a girl whom I've known for almost a á year. However one night she said she wanted us to be "just á friends". I confided this to a friend Jim I was really suffering. á A month or two later he broke up with his old girlfriend and they á started going out regularly. I have no girlfriend nor have I had á a romantic relationship of any significance. I feel some anger á but we are friends again. 
A shop-assistant behaved rather roughly with me though she hadn't á the slightest grounds for it. 
While at school I had to write an essay for doing something wrong á that I didn't do. I wrote the essay about how I was mistreated and á got Saturday morning detention along with a few other kids, but á they didn't show up. 
When the bus driver failed to stop and pick me up at a bus stop. 
I came out of the house at 7:20 am Monday morning getting ready t á go to school and fight for a parking when I saw my car had a flat á tire. 
I was having an argument with my brother on his behavior, then we  á started fighting and I got annoyed at him because he started á teasing me. 
My friend half-teasingly called me a bad nickname.  I felt á insulted and kicked his hip in anger.  I was stable later and did á not feel angry at him.  In fact I was afraid that the other á friends who were with us would think that I was an intolerant á person.  However I could not apologize, so I pretended that á nothing had happened and smiled when I left.  My friend did not á say anything but just watched me leave. 
Being sexually assulted on a bus. 
A friend told me it would be better for me not to be on familiar á terms with another friend, although, in my opinion he had no á reason to say such things. He only said so hoping that I á would search support from him (that, however, was not necessary). 
At the hairdresser's, I got two stains of dyestuff on my new á trousers. These stains are not removable, so I cannot put on the á trousers again. 
When I got the feeling that I had to do all the housekeeping á while my boyfriend didn't do anything. This happened in a period á of exams when I had to study very hard. 
When my room-mate locked me out deliberately, before an exam due á at 1400 hours. 
When I got to know about the reaction of a friend of mine in a á certain situation.  I had not expected him to react that way. 
When I had been obviously unjustly treated and had no possibility á of elucidating this. 
A friend of mine came to visit and stayed with my roommate and me. á My roommate and she became good friends. After she left, he á didn't talk too highly of her. 
This happened recently, I  was in the dining hall and one of my á friends with whom I was eating called me a fool. 
I was angry when my sister began to talk nonsense and to laugh at á the way I swept the room.  My anger grew (I tried to control á myself).  After telling her to leave me alone, I vented my anger á on her as she did not obey me. 
I missed an opportunity to go abroad because of some silly á mistakes for which I had to suffer a lot. 
" I have been hearing rumours that you have not been allowing á people in your room," he said.  This sentence really shot my á heart.  I failed to find the right words, instead I walked away á without uttering a word. 
When, after a week at school, a teacher sent a note home saying á that my son was inattentive and unable to do his lessons. 
One day I had sunned my favourite shirt and was putting it back á in the wardrobe when my younger brother snatched it from me and á wore it.  He had not had a bath and was very dirty.  I scolded him á but he answered back and locked himself up in a room.  I was very á angry so I starteed kicking on the door and abusing him loudly á and freely. 
When my car suddenly broke down ! 
I reachad home to find that my baby had not been bathed and fed. 
When my wife told me that the refrigerator had stopped working. 
Brother continually interupting while I was talking on the á telephone. 
I am one of four directors of a company. We inherited land held á by our family - ours is the 5th generation. A "democratic" á decision was made to stap-bank an area of mangroves. 
While having a discussion with my mother, I realized that she á does not for a moment doubt the justification of her making the á decisions concerning my life. 
When a colleague was rude with me because she didn't understand á the subject about which I was discussing. 
During a trivial (friendly) discussion, one of the participants á made an intervention which made me feel uncomfortable. 
When friends try to put me down or hurt me. 
I was travelling from Delhi to Bombay.  I had booked a seat one á month back and I had also got a telegram confirming this.  á However, in the train my name had been omitted from the á reservation sheet, and the one seat that was still vacant was á alloted to another person who paid for it despite my requests for the á seat.  I was allowed to stay in the reserved compartment when I á paid money. 
When I heard on the radio that the football match in Belgium had á ended in a catastrophe, and several people had died.  I could not á  understand how normal people could behave in such a way. 
I was in love with a very beautiful girl and when I went back for á my holidays I found her wth another guy who she said was just a á friend.  Later I found them together and was convinced that there á was something fishy. 
When my aunt told me angrily that I was a good-for-nothing and á she was fed up with my behaviour. 
When a few girls were talking rubbish about me. 
I work for a journal. Once the lay-out came to nothing, due to á thoughtlessness of some colleagues. 
Seeing for the first time pictures about the so called á "treatment" of Jewish people in Nazi-Germany during World War II. 
When my dress was stolen. 
Teenage neighbours smashed my letterbox for the fifth time in a á couple of months. It was a deliberate action of kids who had á stayed in my home, had meals there yet took a dislike to my á daughter. 
I was waiting behind a car which was going to leave the parking á place, because I wanted to park my car there. Because of uncoming á traffic I had to wait for a short time - another driver placed á his car on the place. 
When I discovered that the people I trusted most were talking á behind my back. 
One of my best friends accused me of giving up to early on á problems. It was only a casual remark on her side, but I was á angry and hurt. 
I was most angry when India lost the Triangular Cricket trophy á held in Australia.  I was so angry that I fought (orally) with my á friend. 
One day, I discussed a very important question with A.  A á suddenly declared that he would not accept my position and á thought that he himself was right.  Moreover, he attacked  á strongly, not my opinion but me personally. 
Being treated unfairly. 
I went to the school library and asked for a book, but the á librarian told me that there wasn't such. However when an other á colleague asked for it she gave it to him. 
When my husband got picked up in our new car for drunken driving. á We had made a pact the other would not drink and so therefore á would be the driver for the evening etc. I was not present at the á time. 
When I arranged our holiday in Paris, and my girlfriend raised á criticisms all the time. 
Recently when my sister, who is four years younger than me and á very spoiled, shouted at my mother for no apparent reason .  The á heart-broken expression on my mother's face made me feel very á angry. 
I get angry when my smaller brother misbehaves and talks with indecent á words. 
One day my elder brother badly scolded my father.  This was the á first time that I heard such abusive language from my brother.  I á requested him humbly not to use this kind of language but he did á not care for what I was saying.  Finally I picked up an axe to use á against him, in the meanwhile people intervened. 
I learned that a class-mate had given a list, of peolpe who help á each other in exams, to the professor. 
I was on vacation, and therefore I did not attend a meeting of á the day care centre.  Nevertheless, the very day I came back they á called me early morining to ask me "what are you going to do á about the matter ?" (which had been discussed in the meeting).  á Then I got angry. 
My sister borrowed some LP records for a party. She had left them á in the car on curatao. Due to the heat they were crooked, so I á couldn't play them again. 
My elder brother often criticizes my mother's cooking.  Once he á did it very impolitely and lost his temper.  This made all of us á very sad.  I was very angry and I scolded him.  He asked me not á to interfere with what was his buisness. 
There is a mad boy in our village. This boy hit me with a raw á paw-paw in the face. 
After a long trip in my dad's van without incident I stopped to á fill the tank with gas and dented the side of the van against the á pole. Then my cars electrical system would not work when I tried á to drive home from his house. 
Most recently when the chairman at the New Zeeland Rugby Union á announced that the All Blacks' would accept the invitation of á South Africa to play rugby in that country. 
When my boyfriend went away for a month long holiday without me. 
I told my boy friend not to park in a certain place because the á car would ger towed away - he didn't listen and it was towed away. á At that stage, our finances were below the poverty line & it á cost us $10.00 - all the money we had to get us through that week á (including rent). 
When my boyfriend told me that it would be difficult for him to á marry me. 
When I saw a few people beating a man who seemed to be a á stranger. 
I was living in a flat where things did not go very well for me.  á Finally, they threw me out and this prejudiced people I esteem a á lot. 
They wanted me to pay for a ticket twice because they said that á the one I had was out of date. 
When I was insulted by a man. 
I was in "Hainburg" in December and I was angry about the á politicians and the police. 
I was annoyed this particular day as it seemad that the odds were á not in my favour.  My grandfather added fuel to the fire, when I  á had an important appointment so I unleashed my anger on him. 
My roommate leaving my drawers in a mess after plowing thourgh á them looking for something. 
Last week, my organization summoned an executive meeting and one á of the executive member's pointed out a loop hole in the á committee's administration.  He could not suggest any á improvements, so I quarrelled with him. 
A person ignored my advice, did not pay any attention to what was á saying. She acted as though I wasn't even there. We were doing á group work so everybody had the right to speak yet she just á ignored me. She made me feel insignificant. 
I came across a girl at the school bus-stop, I had seen her á several friends as she was a friend's friend.  However my friend á had never introduced me to her and when she got off the bus I á smiled at her but she did not respond pretending not to have seen á me.  Her arrogant behaviour made me sick and angry. 
When I was the target of a great many insults and completely á unfair accusations of a large group of people. 
I am currently taking CS 50P. I had to finish a couple of á assignments but I was hindered because I could not get a passing á score on my program. 
When my room-mates were watching video-tapes and prevented me á from watching the news.  The first feeling I had was that I was á being treated unfairly and then came the feeling of anger. 
In a very important basket-ball match where a lot was at stake, I á played very badly. 
When my father's new fiancee treats me like a child.  She does á not trust me and constantly misunderstands me.  I get á particularly angry when she says nasty things about my boyfriend á with whom she works. 
An argument among several friends because of the irrational á behavior of one of them who fell out with us for no reason and á said that we were to blame. 
A person I trusted a lot gave me many false explanations to á justify a wrong action. 
I had an accident with a trafic police car that was packed at a á curve without any visibility and against all traffic regulations á in a strong snowstorm. As a result I still cannot repair my car á because of the missing spare parts. 
When my chief accused me of an error that I hadn't made. 
I felt angry when I was told that I had not been selected to go á to the University. 
When I wanted to talk to someone I liked and whom I have been á told likes me (by his brother and even by himself) however he á avoids any confrontation, and is vague. 
During military service a superior reproached me unjustly. This á led to friction in a lot of situations. 
A friend of mine uses butter instead of oil when he is cooking. I á am always angry about that, because it is an unnecessary luxury. á Recently we both were cooking and he wanted to use butter again. á When I had already put the oil into the pan, he poured it out á again and put the butter into the pan. 
It was during the beginning of the term. I had K100 and kept it á in my handbag. I left the handbag in the wardrobe but didn't á lock it. Next time I found that K30 were stolen. 
Tripped on a busy street. 
When I realized that I was far behind the others in the language á course and I could no longer catch up with the others. 
In certain occasion I have a fight with my boyfriend. During the á fight I closed the door at his face. He went away but came back á next day. 
The housing council asked the city to cut 40 linden trees so that á the inhabitants of the lower floors would have a view to the sea. 
I was annoyed when a person higher up asked me why a particular á job was not done, it was not my job to do it. 
I feel anger when I see a "parent" beating and punishing his child á in the street. Recently I was a withness of a similar case. 
My fiancee and I were at my parent's place watching TV. There á were  only two TV-chairs and we were sitting on them when my á drunken brother came in and rudely chased my fiancee off the á chair she was sitting on. 
I had worked long and hard on a project when a friend á inadvertantly destroyed it. I could not forgive him for a long á time. And at times still get angry at him. 
I had worked very hard during my vacations to raise some money á for a few major items (e.g a radio).  but when I arrived at the á inter-city bus terminal, my hard earned money had been stolen á from me. 
When my father failed to send me transport money after the á closure of the school. 
My father called me (behind my mother's back) and told me that my á mother disapproved my behavior in the weekend. However, he didn't á tell me the details and left me with unanswered questions. 
I get angry when people disbelieve me or misunderstand me. 
[ For example, unfair pushing in a bus.] 
When I was talking to HIM at a party for the first time in a long while and a friend came and interrupted us and HE left. 
The patient whom I expected to get well suddenly passed away á after he showed had his meals. 
I felt it on the same occasion when I felt sadness which finally á grew into anger. 
Sometimes when I go to work my crazy boss (a hyper Jewish lawyer) á insists I do things his way (filing, typing, etc.). He sometimes á blames me for things I didn't do, and I can't yell back at him. 
I heard friends grumbling at me in an adjoining room, although á they had behaved in a friendly way when I was present. 
When I had a serious argument with a dear person. 
I felt anger at my roommate due to his habit of leaving dirty á dishes in the sink and generally not cleaning after himself. 
One of my friends went and told another friend of mine that I was á going abut with another guy in Lilongwe besides the one I had. á She said I was seen with him hand in hand. 
When I first saw a person begging. 
When a cousin of mine took my bottle of T.B tablets, put water in á it and threw it in the dust-bin. 
I had just seen my pseudo-girlfriend and our conversation angered á me greatly. 
I was angry at my boyfriend who had promised to come to see me á but did not because he spent the evening with his pals. 
When a close relative is treated badly. 
When I was locked out of my room by my room-mate's friend. 
I was angry about how the government acted concerning Hainburg, á especially when I saw a discussion about it on TV. 
With self at losing an important game that I should have won. 
After I said something that my boyfriend disagreed with, he á walked away from me without discussing what bothered him. I á became very angry with him for treating me this way. Yesterday, á November 14. 
I was angry when I had not been granted a leave out pass during á the last weekend. 
Quarreling with classmates. 
When the person I am going out with let me down in a situation á that I was depending on them, and didn't show respect or care. 
When a close friend did not write. 
There was a lot of irritation between me and a person who lives á in the same house where I live. Suddenly it became too much for me and I á accused him of several things. 
When the dean of UNZA asked me to vacate a big flat I was á occupying and take up a smaller one as I was becoming a full time á student at UNZA. 
I was angry this morning when I missed the train to university. 
When I was accused of having planned my friend's outing at á secondary school (boarding) as we were not allowed to go out. 
My room-mate locked up our room without specifying where I would á find the keys.  I had to spend several hours in my other friend's á room. 
A few months ago when I was teaching, I suddenly became very á angry at the children and slapped some of them. 
In form three we were taking our mock exams and someone else (a á friend) was making noise when the examinateur picked on me and á said that he would tear up my answer sheet.  I got very angry á with the girls involved. 
I had studied for almost one week for my physics-examination. á With difficulty I passed the examn. I was angry about the teacher á and also about myself because I had not remembered enough during á the examn and because the time that I spent studying was wasted. 
A girl I was with went off with another guy. 
People having a football match outside the window during the á lecture. 
I gave some personal information to a friend of mine, and he told á it to some others who were implicated in the affair. 
Heard about someone telling lies about me to my best friend. 
When my brother was held up and robbed. 
When I told off a computer teacher who did not want to teach me á beacause of prejudice. 
When I was forced to call the telephone company about a bill á concerning a disconnected phone belonging to my landlord.  The á bill was four months overdue and in the meanwhile he had been á using my phone, he seemed to have no intention of having his own á phone reconnected. 
When I was doing my last year at Secondary School I was robbed of á my clothes, wristwatch and my pair of shoes. After investigations á it was found that all the things were stolen by one of the boys á in our hostel. 
When our government decided to withdraw student allowances as it á was one of the conditions imposed by the IMF. á 
Saw my unfair report. 
When I was accused of having refused to do some hostel work while á I was at school.  Actually I had not been allocated any work. 
When close relatives tried to dissuade me from studying á Psychology because of its low status. 
My bicycle was demolished. 
Being treated unfairly and being hurt by someone I love. 
Being insulted by my roommate. 
One day I had an appointment with my boyfriend which I had á objected to in the begining, however he visited me and convinced á me to come.  The day of the appointment; I had to wait for him á for over an hour. 
An old lady slipped and nobody helped her. 
I got into an argument with a photographer for whom I had to pose á twelve times, over  a period of four weeks, before I could get a á snap of mine.  Every time the film was processed my snap did not á come out although the others did. 
A female classmate was always late for meetings which were for á the homework and not social gatherings.  We were very busy and á the deadline was close but we had to waste half an hour or an á hour waiting for her as we could do nothing else then. 
My trouser's zipper was open when I was at a public wedding. 
A class-mate urged me to carry out a particular protest along á with him, and when the time came this fellow drew back while I á had to face the situation. 
We were starting a student project, and the teacher we talked to á was very negative and not very helpful. 
I helped my little sister (13 years) learning mathematics. á Obviously she did not want to understand what I explained and á started to cry. I grew angry. 
It happened in a tram: some older people started to grumble about á the young people just because I had not immediately left my seat á to them. 
I was with my family and we found some abandoned puppies.  I á wanted to help them but everyone said no.  We then left. 
When my sister took something that belonged to me without my á permission. 
After seeing an "uncertain" child work on a model for several á hours, I watched a "bully" of the same age destroy it, telling á the child that it was worthless. 
I had a very heavy work load and two colleagues, whom I have á nothing against, disturbed me by "terror ringing", i.e á continously interrupting me by telephoning. 
My partner without discussing with me the situation decided it á was time for us to have a break and went ahead and arranged his á own life for the next 6-12 months, then told me the day before it á was about to happen having been tolerant and friendly for the á preceding week. 
When I saw a man hitting a child of 2 years without any consideration, á simply because the child had been leaning against a window. 
A classmate damaged ma iron and tried to hide the damage. 
Some classmates said I did not do enough social work. Therefore I á was not elected as a "Tree Good" student. 
When my mother scolded me for coming home late, i.e after 7 P.M. 
I felt anger at my last exam, I felt angry with our teacher, á because he did not rate me objectively and I failed. 
When I spoke to Jan-Erik Wikstr÷m on the telephone. 
When you are unjustly assessed at something you are sure to have á been right. 
We are repainting rooms in my house. My mother started to enact á plans to paint my room without consulting me. 
When a very close friend with whom I have a very intimate and á bodily relationship (he had a girlfriend) started to avoid me and á didn't want to talk to me any more. 
Doing a group assignment and being left to do all the work and á take the blame for any mistakes. 
I had a discussion with my mother concerning my sister's divorce, á we disagreed strongly. 
My class leader told me the university won't let all of us go to á your lectures because we are not All English Class. 
When a person whom I had invited did not come on the appointed á day and time. 
At my Summer job, nobody looked after me in particular and I had á to learn all on my own. 
[ Ther are many instances which are all equally irritating.] 
This feeling occurred to me when my colleague entered in G.V. á (University) and I didn't. 
In 1983 a sadist provoked my sister in my presence.  He tried á to force my sister into accompanying him to his place, but my á sister did not agree and so she was kicked and she fell down.  á There was a fight. 
I felt angry at one time when I was chatting with friends and á suddenly another friend joined us and started opposing any á comment I added to our chatting. 
When I talk to silly, petty-minded and unmanageable people. 
Some boys deliberately played tricks on me in the experiments. 
In the student kitchen that we share, somebody drank from my á juice pot (one litre) so that I only got one glass out of the á whole pot. 
When a close friend failed to live up to the expectations I had á of him - thereby causing pain to his spouse. I believe that my á anger was probably a reaction of fear that I wouldn't be able to á live up to my own expectations. 
I was really pissed when the Russians boycotted the '84 Olympics. á I had anger towards them and Jimmy Crter. I was very anxious to á see it. 
A few monthe ago, when my brother's wife told me that I had bad á manners.  To make matters worse she did not let me use their á telephone as she only allowed people of her own tribe. 
I wanted to borrow lecture notes from a friend and he did not á lend me them. 
And she said absurd things, false things that filled my ears and á inflated my head which seemed to be caught in a carcass where the á heart wanted to explode and where the arm wanted to knock down á the world. 
I haven't often felt this feeling. Once someone stole my garment. 
I read in the newspaper that the Student Lodging Fund was going á to build new appartments for refugees (in my opinion this is the á state's affair).  This is when only a fractoin of the students á can find an appartment. 
Being told that I have not got a personality. 
We were just about to go into the Exam room and I didn't see all á my writing materials plus the identification card from the place á where I left them. 
I was rushing home from school because there was a 49er game that á night. I got into a non-injury accident, which was all my fault, á but destroyed the front of my car. The truck I hit was undamaged. 
When my kid brother broke my reading spectacles. 
When a friend wouldn't speak to me and wouldn't tell me why. 
I felt it when a girl who was dear to me lied to my face. I got á angry with the fact that she knew I didn't believe her but she á kept on telling lies. 
I get angry with people who attain certain status without á deserving it, only with the support, authority and influence of á other people. 
A friend called me and told me that she wanted to come and see á me. She lived in a village at 50 km distance fom my home town. á Next morning I expected her but she didn't arrive. As I got á impatient I called her but her parents told me that she had gone á skiing. I was very angry because I had cancelled an appointment á to be able to see her. 
A certain person started to say dreadful things very calmly, I á felt hurt and disgusted. 
Korean judges cheating. 
When a kid dropped my father's radio cassette player, which he á had just repaired. 
When present boyfriend's mother approached my parents and self - á to leave her son alone - as she did not want me for a future á daughter-in-law. 
When I got a low grade in an administration course. 
When my friend promised that she would come to my place, and did á not turn up - I was annoyed at her. 
My girlfriend one day went out and promised to be back at 6.00 pm á however she first arrived at 10.00 pm, without a message (we had á to go out that evening). 
I was angry with a person who behaved terribly at a ball á offending her relatives. 
I live by myself and a few weeks ago was woke by a man on the end á of my bed coming up my bed at me. I was really angry, told him to á get out. He was surprised, hesitated; I started to move towards á him and he backed off - kept telling him - loudly, but firmly to á go. Because I'd got the initiative, I succeeded. A very powerful á message. 
When I argue with my boyfriend, I feel as though he feels á superior to me. 
I was to meet a friend at the bus-stop (he was coming to visit á us) and he did not turn up.  After having waited for him for some time     á (about an hour) I called him up, to be told that he did not á intend to come as he was feeling tired. 
In a situation whereby a friend's actions were deliberately á against my wishes and (with) no regard to my feelings. 
Falling in love although she is my friend (angry with myself). 
I had arranged with a friend to go with him to Carinthia by car. á We had arranged a place where to meet. I was a bit late and my á friend had left already. I had no money to go by train. I nearly á started to cry because I was so angry - it was very important for á me to go to Carinthia. 
When someone accuses me without reason and is not willing to á listen to me. 
When I come home in the evening, the first thing I do is to sit á down and smoke a cigarette. One day I found the flat in a totally á desolate state. My girl-friend had wanted to tidy up but had not á finished. 
In a hurry to get to lectures and the car would not start. 
I arrived in Vienna in the middle of the night. I asked for some á silly information - as I realized myself afterwards - and the inquiry  á clerk reacted in a very arrogant manner. 
As for disgust. 
Someone talking about me at my back. 
My cassmate laughed at me when I was being scolded by the á teacher. 
Disagreements with mother.  When I moved from KankaanpSS, she had á promised to help me move but broke her promise because of some á hindrance. 
I loved a person and he went away. It wasn't necessary that he á left me to reach his goals. 
Having gone to school without learning anything, as usual. 
When I was charmed by my relatives. 
My boy-friend came home late one night without having told me á about it before. 
When a person the same age as me insisted that I call him á "Mister".  I refused to succumb, but he persisted and I got angry á as he had belittled me. 
At work, when an elderly man complained unjustifiably about me and á distrusted me. 
Physically fighting with my girlfriend because she just walked á out of a room of my friends and had pushed and cursed at me when á I went to find her. 
During the Summer, at my workplace, a person kept interfering á with my tasks and making unfounded remarks.  I felt hatred for á him but it stopped when I realized that he just longed for attention. 
When my tennis match was interrupted because a kid cycled right á into the court. 
While I was away for the weekend some friends went into my room á and played my very expensive stereo without asking me or my á roommate. 
Insulted by disgusting people. 
A conflict with a pupil. 
Had an argument with my classmate for borrowed books. 
I worked with several classmates on a project.  I was very á anxious about the project while my partners showed no concern  á and when we had meetings on the project my classmates  did not á pay any attention.  Some of them read books while the others á argued on irrelevant questions.  The meeting would go on for two á hours without the main theme being discussed.  We wasted time and á could not reach a compromise.  My classmates avoided doing the á work and the responsibilities, they seemed to value other á projects more than this one. 
Can't remember exact example. 
That was what I felt with a teacher who put down quite unreal á marks. 
I was angry when someone stole a magazine which I had borrowed á from another friend and locked it in a drawer. 
A good friend deceived me. Because of that little quarrel our á relationship finished, mainly because she was not honest. I was á very angry about that. 
I had gone on a vacation and my mother left home without leaving á me any thing - money to come back to school. 
I felt angry when my mother-in-law did not handle my daughter á properly and she fell down from the bed and hurt her head. 
This was when I found out that a cousin of mine had taken away my á trousers without my consent. 
My mother and I had an argument over buying some clothes for me.  á She did not accept the fact that I did not like the same things á as her, and we ended up shouting at each other. 
My father promised me a bicycle for my birthday. Just before my á birthday he forgot he promised this to me. 
I was once this week angry when soemone trying to compress my á mind due to his nonsense speech which himself could not tolerate á at all. 
Yesterday I read in the newspaper that a 30 year old woman had á abused her 2 month old son and had caused his death.  I was very á angry after reading this as this is not a human act and to abuse á so fragile a life is not a forgivable sin. 
Once when I was playing table tennis I was already sure that I á would win , but at last I lost the game. 
My boy-friend had promised me to come an 10 a.m. - he was 3 hours á late. 
My flatmate was asking questions about my relationship with my á boyfriend, whether I wasn't treating him as unfairly as I claimed á he'd been treating me. As a result, I was angered, and became á defensive. 
A friend of mine tried to persuade me to go at her place to act á as a model because she felt too tired. It was a quarter of an á hour before the appointed time, I had just lied down and did not á want to go because it was too late anyway. She said that I only á was talking about looking for work, but if it was possible I á would not accept it. I was angry about this unjust judgment. 
At having an argument with a stranger, in the street. 
I had a very good friend in secondary school.  The year after our á graduation I prepared to celebrate her birthday and I called off á all my appointments.  I got together the other friends and we á were ready to give the entire day to her.  However this friend á disappeared on her birthday.  When I phoned another friend I á didcovered thay she was busy, I did not call her anymore. 
Once I saw some children hunting a cat to death. 
When I saw my younger sister being bothered by a boy she did not á know. 
Came back from surfing to find car broken into and gear and money á stolen. 
Being insulted in public. 
[ When some difference of opinion occurs in a silly situation.]  á 
When I quarelled with my parents. 
When the paramilitary was sent to the UNZA and it started using á tear gas and started intimidating the students without any á provocation. 
When I was victimized for running away with a girl who was á somebody else's wife and niece at the same time.  I was very á angry over this issue because I was told to pay him money after á having been punished for it. 
I had stolen a bottle of rum from a person who knows me well. He á threatened to call the police if I did not pay 500 Shillings. 
I reached the bus stop and realized that I had forgotten my bus á pass. 
When I failed the M.S.C exams. 
I was very angry at my father when he didn't give me as much á money as my brother to use for studying. Once again my brother á was better off then me. 
Being a spokesman for the union, I got into a quarrel with a á colleague who had been acting disloyally over a sustained period á of time. 
When my rights to use a shared house had been usurped by á co-owners out of pure selfishness. 
On the T.V I saw a news feature on South Africa.  A policeman      á attacked a group of black people with a whip. 
When I was accused by my brother of having stolen a 5 kwatcha á note from my mother's bag.  I was beaten up for this, the money á was found later. 
I sent a book to a friend of mine.  The book meant a lot to me á and he lost it. 
When one teacher unjustly gave me zero in a test saying that I á was cribbing. 
When a friend who comes visiting me unexpectedly asks for coffee á and I refuse to give him this. 
I was drawn up a statement for an infringement of the traffic á ordinance. In fact I was innocent. 
The headmistress at a secondary school accused me of banging the á classroom door when I didn't in front of the whole class. 
A colleague asked me for some advice and as he did not have á enough confidence in me he asked a third person. 
When I get home late my father scolds me and this makes me angry. 
When I was mistreated by my step-mother. 
I was angry with a friend of mine who behaved in an affected á manner. 
An incident occurred to me when I was going home with my á girlfriend. On the way, a man named Banda grabbed my girlfriend á in my presence. I was really angry with him and as a result I á threw stones at him and he ran away. 
My girlfriend mentioned a certain girl's name who was my girl á some time back and she is no longer mine that she said she was á still mine. 
When being made look a fool by the teacher in front of the class á during a turn. 
I saw in a movie a block on which affluence and poverty existed. á I saw that the rich made no attempts to help the poor. 
When someone took my things without having asked for my á permission. 
I had made an error in planning a programme and had publicly á accepted the mistake, despite repeated requests not to bring the á matter for discussion a professor kept constantly passing remarks. á I reacted angrily.á 
A close person lied to me. 
Having my personal objects rearranged by someone else without my á consent and having it arranged to their taste. Then trying to á find a particular object they rearranged for an hour or more. 
In arguments with a close friend or relative where my point of á view is completely disregarded. 
Had an insulting letter from my father. 
An utterance, which I had intended to be a joke, was taken as an á offence.  In my opinion, this was stupid, and I got angry. 
Brother took my money to use for his own purposes. 
At home when they lost three pieces of my puzzle. 
My boyfriend breaking up with me about 7 months after I had an á abortion. Just the fact that he was ignoring me and continued to á do so. 
Meeting generally dominating persons in social occasions. 
I bought an aquarium which made me much pleasure. I was watching á the fish when my father came in and asked me how much I had payed á for it. He said he would not pay for the current that it would á require. 
I felt unfairly treated at an airport, being told to use a á different counter (for domestic traffic only). 
I experience this emotion quite often but the day I was most á angry was the day I got pulled up for something I had not done.  á It happened during my school days, I had not spoken a word in á class but the monitor had written my name on the board.  So I á had a remark in my callender which I had to get signed by my á parents.  This remark resulted in me being spanked. 
Someone messing up the room we share. 
Saw in the TV South Korea cheating in the Asian Olympic games. 
I am separated from my husband.  The way he has behaved towards á me makes me angry. 
When boyfriend lied to me. 
When someone stole my bike. 
An old woman was violently thrown down the stairs of the tube by á a group of louts. 
When I tried to explain to a plumber, face to face, that the á toilet was broken and he did not believe it (it had been mended á ten times). 
When a professor of this faculty laughed at, and was suspicious of á a composition written by a class-mate and me. 
Finding out that I was deceived by a friend. 
I was very angry when my friend lost my practical's journal, á which I needed to study for the exams. 
My boy-friend had promised me to come home at about 10 p.m. He á did not return until midnight and had consumed a lot of alcohol. 
When the morning newspaper has not arrived. 
When a classmate hit me on my occipital region when I was busy á studying and concentrating on my classnotes. 
The outrageous conduct of a relative towards me and those close á to me.(blaming us and lying) 
My father had once again told me that I should be careful and try to á seek admission to other places also apart from the faculty of á Social Sciences at the university of Helsinki.  I was not at all á interested in any other place and had no time to study for other á entrance exams. 
Insulted for no reason.